g'day guys and welcome to aussie
guerrilla and today i'm going to show
you how i make pancakes all right guys
these are absolutely fantastic and are
very easy to make you will need some
milk some self raising flour if you
can't get self raising flour where you
live just use some plain flour mixed
with baking powder some white sugar egg
melted butter and some vanilla essence
now we're using one and a half cups of
flour here guys I'm gonna double sister
this will help make the pancakes light
and fluffy now I'm going to throw in one
tablespoon of sugar I'm not making
particularly sweet pancakes guys because
we're using maple syrup and ice cream
and that will make it sweet enough here
I'm adding in one and three-quarter cups
of milk 1 egg 40 grams of melted butter
and just a small amount of vanilla
essence seriously just about a quarter
of a teaspoon guys
now mix well guys until you've got to
sort of semi runny consistency like that
and put it into the fridge for half an
hour now here I've got a preheated
barbecue plate gonna melt a bit of
butter on it and just ladle on some of
that pancake mix now obviously guys use
more or less mixture depending on what
size you want your pancakes to be now
going to cook that until it forms
bubbles across the top this will take
about two or three minutes depending on
the thickness of your pancakes then flip
it over for about another minute guys
and you are done now just repeat this
process until you have used all of your
pancake mixture it will make about six
pancakes of the size you can see here
now I'm just gonna put some banana on
top that pancake you can use any
toppings you want guys mixed berries
blueberries raspberries strawberries
they're all fantastic and I'm just going
to drizzle over some maple syrup
and to finish it off some vanilla ice
cream and there you have a guy's it is
absolutely fantastic I highly recommend
you check this out and for more
information on this recipe or to see
mother's please visit the aussie
guerrilla website or the aussie
guerrilla page on facebook